hi that acs a video that you
look forward to it's all about
contest results I was mega
surprised at the importance that
the contest took you were more than
750 to participate and it's a trick of
crazy and it also asked me a
crazy job I thought I'd spend
so much work to do a competition
that's also why he did not
often on the net
get all the names make lists
and where it's a sick thing she has
thank you for leaving so many
just posts on youtube and
Why do you like the channel?
is super weird I read stuff that
do not really have it crazy finally vast it's
really excellent years I see that I have
really a lot of a lot of
fans of the German Helvetians and nacarat
so a thousand thanks finally brief truce of
blah you want more than we take place
result then that's what we're going for
what are we going to do
then we will start the draw
I used a program that calls you
so hurry up all the names of the
people are put here you see he
there are 7,157 here 757 right there then
sorry i have movie and my pc screen
with my camera
I have not found any programs that allow
to do just registration
direct from the screen so we will mix
the names so so that's what I have
is that I put all the names
people who have registered on
youtube on my website on facebook is
also on twitter and we will draw lots
20 people then go for the
thériault fate first name
it's ibrahim dmr it so it's also
its marks and follows you it's because
I shot directly from caen's name
of twitter the second non jérémy the asic
so straw crisis has also won
after we have that in case where sir
cashew siro civi so sorry so I
hard to pronounce celine the iccat the
first five that we've already had
after it was heavy 2001 teo chee wah
fucking guys you should choose
others we even harder so that's
at 12.53 343 cc 82 74 9 ha who won
thanks for this superb jeanne london have
so have it based
hypnotic that we are riveted on the 10
first casks young factor s 22 26
anthony eisler the islet quickly that bedel
mathis game podcast clement we do go
the last 5 now luxus pastel
hugo duran
trent acosta paul sophie damerval and the
last belgian herman ali girl lou
girl magnum
so here we have the names of the twenty
people lucky wines that have
just to win I'm sorry for them
others if I could have done more
more stuff to win but there's when
even some at a certain limit
so thank you all for having so much
participate it made me great pleasure and
especially all the messages you have
left it really gave me
a lot of energy for precisely
continue the site and continue all
my videos
now for those who have won is
simple you contact me via a website
iis passion.com anyway there is a
just below and you tell me I
am such person and I won when
it will prevent me from helping guys who
try to lie to me to have
stuff I'm told I'm such a person and
I won
and from there I'll go to you
recontact by mail and we will see after
some cheat and you will choose etc
etc.
so I repeat myself I know I'm sure
for that thank you thank you for having won and
thanks for all the message
I have no time to answer but I
read them all and it makes me supra supra
pleasure this video is now
completed as usual we say to
soon for new urban roads
peace and why not a new
contest
See you
Oh
he
m